=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

MooseX::Types::Email - Email address validation type constraints for Moose.

=head1 VERSION

version 0.008

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    package MyClass;
    use Moose;
    use MooseX::Types::Email qw/EmailAddress EmailMessage EmailAddresses EmailMessages/;
    use namespace::autoclean;

    has email => ( isa => EmailAddress, required => 1, is => 'ro' );
    has message => ( isa => EmailMessage, required => 1, is => 'ro' );

    has emails => ( isa => EmailAddresses, required => 1, is => 'ro' );
    has messages => ( isa => EmailMessages, required => 1, is => 'ro' );

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Moose type constraints which uses L<Email::Valid> and L<Email::Abstract> to check
for valid email addresses and messages.  Types that support both single items
and an arrayref of items are available.

Note that C<EmailMessage> must be an object that can be passed to
L<Email::Abstract>. Currently, constraining strings is not supported due to the
leniency of Email::Abstract.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item L<Moose::Util::TypeConstraints>

=item L<MooseX::Types>

=item L<Email::Valid>

=item L<Email::Abstract>

=back

=head1 ORIGIN

Shamelessly extracted from L<Reaction::Types::Email>.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

Chris Nehren C<< <apeiron@cpan.org> >> added support for validating email
messages.

Karen Etheridge C<< <ether@cpan.org> >> added support for lists of email
addresses and messages.

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=MooseX-Types-Email>
(or L<bug-MooseX-Types-Email@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-MooseX-Types-Email@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also a mailing list available for users of this distribution, at
L<http://lists.perl.org/list/moose.html>.

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#moose> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#moose>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Tomas Doran (t0m) <bobtfish@bobtfish.net

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Tomas Doran (t0m) Alexander Hartmaier Chris Nehren Gregory Oschwald

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Tomas Doran (t0m) <bobtfish@bobtfish.net>

=item *

Alexander Hartmaier <abraxxa@cpan.org>

=item *

Chris Nehren <apeiron@cpan.org>

=item *

Gregory Oschwald <goschwald@maxmind.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2009 by Tomas Doran (t0m).

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
